they're just my stuff make and carbonara
bins is on the caster station this is on
the dairy station Becca in there strike
be very good like there for me master
God no I only have three but that's very
good
where did you get your inspiration for
such works of art in the yeah you're not
an interviewer trying my hardest you
just drop me down exactly but now
because that irradiance in January or
did you say why or when why why why
because I want to
Oh
hi guys rocked it all today but we're
actually back in London now we came back
at about 4:00 and we just had like a
lazy beginning of the day at the farm
just kind of chilling out having some
lunch last breakfast and walking me me
and everything and then we came back and
I thought I just didn't like wrapping
some bits that I got from skullduggery
clothing dot-com I think anyway they
didn't copy down below and it's the
youtuber K this is what I do Kate's
channel she has a shop this is the shop
that I got this things from and I love
her videos as well so go check those out
and yes I thought I would show you guys
what I bought from her again so it all
comes re sweetly packaged and everything
I've got some above knuckle rings
because I basically just love them the
ones that she does on there although you
will have to cover them in clear nail
polish because they do tarnish a little
bit but they're super cheap basically
they look like this and they'll just
wrap around then you can adjust them to
your kind of size so like this and I
really really like them so this is a
little star design on it and this one
says love this one has hearts and they
all come in these little sets for like
seven pounds or something extremely
affordable so definitely recommend them
oh this is a single one this is one I
lost from the original set that I got
which is this little flowery one here
another three in a different design
there's this one which is like little
flower flower flowers and this one's the
same star one but you can never have too
many of these and this one is a
different style and Suns got little
stars on it after I got into home and
everything and my mum came home from
work so then I went off to James's
brother's birthday dinner and that was
just at his flat and it was just kind of
chill axed he's older than James it
would have been a bit weird and be
blogging like him and all his like mid
20 year old friends so couldn't really
do the hat but yes so I opened my
Topshop package that I broke my spending
man on and a couple other bits as well
as the rings that I showed you so I
think I'm gonna keep them for a haul as
opposed to showing you them now but just
some champagne and I can give you a
sneak peak of one of the items oh my god
dick my man got me some chocolate
chocolate a Christmas fudge from
purveyors and hope and Greenwood
splendid goods
I can't leave night so that is what's
happening also you're seeing a preview
of the whole on my face because I got a
new happy lipstick like I need
so I've got character stuff upstairs now
not in the mood I'm just catching up on
my YouTube videos it's pretty late at
night she's really focus bed oh and I
just watched Zoe's zoella Zog of the
festive Meetup and yeah I was playing
the downbar I think that's why I've had
her a number of subscribers come through
so thank you so if you are watching and
thank you if you have subscribed to the
blog channel as well as my main channel
welcome to vlogmas with some memes dress
or extras I made stress even I'm looking
at I've been all forever applying for
the past few days guys I'm really really
sorry
um I'm not sure whether my videos have
conveyed just how little time I've had
to just kind of sit and you take my
makeup off soon but I really can't be
bothered it's like Oh giving a funny
pickup thing like a girl's like worst
part of everyday I swear just like
bothering to take makeup off and do like
the face routine Oh boring